Add blog, and main-page annoucement of V1 (#80)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/blog/version1/version_1_announcement.md

It also includes a renaming of a few tools that have since grown out of their original purpose; [the `cellfinder` tool in particular will cease to exist](#appendix-a-note-on-cellfinder), but the functionality will be preserved somewhere else in BrainGlobe.
Finally, this will also simplify the number of inter-dependencies that we need to manage between our tools, and prevents issues surrounding modular installations from affecting users.
We are not *removing* the option of manual installation of individual tools from the users that want to do this, however at the same time we are taking away this concern from users who want to jump right into using BrainGlobe's features without worrying if they have the right tool installed or setup correctly.

## How can I stay updated?

The blog will be updated as the modular updates progress, as well as with the final announcement when everything is ready.
You can also [join us on Zulip](https://brainglobe.zulipchat.com/) and head over to the development stream to see live updates as development progresses.

## Appendix: a note on `cellfinder`

> The tool currently known as `cellfinder`; which provides a workflow (available on the command line or through a graphical interface) for performing whole-brain cell detection, registration, and analysis, will be undergoing a slightly more significant restructuring than the other tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool currently known as `cellfinder`; which provides a command line workflow for performing whole-brain cell detection, registration, and analysis, will be undergoing a slightly more significant restructuring than the other tools.
```

> The functionality (and workflow) that this tool provides will be preserved, however will no longer carry the name `cellfinder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functionality (and workflow) that this tool provides will be preserved and moved to another package.
```

> This change makes the tool to be more descriptive of *what the user will want the workflow to do*, rather than being a reference to what the underlying Python package contains code for, which is the current status.

Reviewer: Not sure this is very clear to users
```suggestion
```

Author: Chuck the sentence or rephrase it?

```suggestion
This change allows us to better distinguish between the workflow that the tool provides, and the "backend" Python code that the workflow depends on.
```

Reviewer: Oh yeah, that's nice.
